Create documentation for Quin AI source integration (#6983)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/cloud-apps/quin-ai/index.md

> 
> ### Quin AI Source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: Quin AI Source
---
```

Reviewer: hi - this frontmatter helps the documentation render correctly. Without it, the page will not render properly on the site.

> Quin AI is the first deep learning, real-time behavior prediction system dedicated to e-commerce conversion optimization, for growth and profitability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quin AI is the first deep learning, real-time behavior prediction system dedicated to e-commerce conversion optimization for growth and profitability.
```

This source is maintained by Quin Audience Engine. For any issues with the source, [contact the Quin Audience Engine Support team](mailto:hello@quinengine.com).

## Getting started

1. From your workspace's Source page, click **Add Source**.
2. Search for "Quin AI" in the Sources Catalog, select Quin AI, and click **Add Source**.
3. On the next screen, give the Source a name configure any other settings.

>    - The name is used as a label in the Segment app, and Segment creates a related schema name in your warehouse. The name can be anything, but we recommend using something that reflects the source itself and distinguishes amongst your environments (eg. SourceName_Prod, SourceName_Staging, SourceName_Dev).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The name is used as a label in the Segment app, and Segment creates a related schema name in your warehouse. The name can be anything, but we recommend using something that reflects the source itself and distinguishes amongst your environments (eg. QuinAI_Prod, QuinAI_Staging, QuinAI_Dev).
```

4. Click **Add Source** to save your settings.
5. Copy the Write key from the Segment UI.

> 6. Log in to your [Quin account](https://portal.quinengine.com/) and navigate to Integrations > Segment > Settings.

Reviewer: We add the {:target="_blank”} attribute to ensure all links external to the segment.com/docs/ subdomain open in a new tab - this way, our mutual customers won't have to find these docs while they're halfway through setting up this source!

```suggestion
6. Log in to your [Quin account](https://portal.quinengine.com/){:target="_blank”} and navigate to Integrations > Segment > Settings.
```

7. On the Settings page, paste your Segment write key to connect.

## Stream

> Quin AI uses a stream Source component to send Segment event data. It uses server-side Track and Identify methods to send data to Segment. These events are then available in any destination that accepts server-side events and available in a schema in your data warehouse that you can query using SQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quin AI uses a stream Source component and Track and Identify methods to send event data to Segment. These events are then available in any destination that accepts server-side events and as a schema in your data warehouse that you can query using SQL.
```

> The default behavior is for Quin AI to pass the event data associated with the anonymous userId.

Reviewer: The term anonymousId is something that Segment refers to in the Identify Spec: https://segment.com/docs/connections/spec/identify/#anonymous-id

```suggestion
The default behavior is for Quin AI to pass the event data associated with the anonymousId.
```

## Events

> The table below lists events that Quin sends to Segment. These events appear as tables in your warehouse, and as regular events in other Destinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below lists events that Quin sends to Segment. These events appear as tables in your warehouse and as regular events in other Destinations.
```

| `Prediction`               | Map of prediction probabilities for various outcomes        |
| `ReturningUser`            | Boolean indicating if the user is a returning user          |                                                             
| `SessionId`                | Unique identifier for the session                           |                                                             
| `UTMCampaign`              | UTM campaign parameter                                      |                                                             
| `UTMMedium`                | UTM medium parameter                                        |                                                             
| `UTMSource`                | UTM source parameter                                        |                                                                              

## Adding Destinations

Now that your Source is set up, you can connect to Destinations.

Log into your downstream tools and check to see that your events appear as expected, and that they contain all of the properties you expect.

> If there are any issues with how the events are arriving to Segment, [contact the Quin AI support team](mailto:hello@<quinengine.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are any issues with how the events are arriving to Segment, [contact the Quin AI support team](mailto:hello@quinengine.com).
```

---
title: Quin AI Source
id: WGp9SQFRVu
---

Quin AI is the first deep learning, real-time behavior prediction system dedicated to e-commerce conversion optimization for growth and profitability.

This source is maintained by Quin Audience Engine. For any issues with the source, [contact the Quin Audience Engine Support team](mailto:hello@quinengine.com).

## Getting started

1. From your workspace's Source page, click **Add Source**.
2. Search for "Quin AI" in the Sources Catalog, select Quin AI, and click **Add Source**.
3. On the next screen, give the Source a name configure any other settings.

>    - The name is used as a label in the Segment app, and Segment creates a related schema name in your warehouse. The name can be anything, but we recommend using something that reflects the source itself and distinguishes amongst your environments (eg. QuinAI_Prod, QuinAI_Staging, QuinAI_Dev).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The name is used as a label in the Segment app, and Segment creates a related schema name in your warehouse. The name can be anything, but Segment recommends using something that reflects the source itself and distinguishes amongst your environments (eg. QuinAI_Prod, QuinAI_Staging, QuinAI_Dev).
```

4. Click **Add Source** to save your settings.
5. Copy the Write key from the Segment UI.

> 6. Log in to your [Quin account](https://portal.quinengine.com/){:target="_blank”} and navigate to Integrations > Segment > Settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Log in to your [Quin account](https://portal.quinengine.com/){:target="_blank”} and navigate to **Integrations > Segment > Settings**.
```

> # Quin AI Documentation
> 
> ---
> Quin AI Source
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: Quin AI Source
id: 
---
```

> Quin AI is the first deep learning, real-time behaviour prediction system dedicated to e-commerce conversion optimisation, for growth and profitability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quin AI is the first deep learning, real-time behavior prediction system dedicated to e-commerce conversion optimization, for growth and profitability.
```

> This source is maintained by Quin Audience Engine. For any issues with the source, [contact their Support team](mailto:hello@quinengine.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This source is maintained by Quin Audience Engine. For any issues with the source, [contact the Quin Audience Engine Support team](mailto:hello@quinengine.com).
```

## Getting started

1. From your workspace's Source page, click **Add Source**.
2. Search for "Quin AI" in the Sources Catalog, select Quin AI, and click **Add Source**.

> 3. On the next screen, give the Source a name configure any other settings.
> 
> - The name is used as a label in the Segment app, and Segment creates a related schema name in your warehouse. The name can be anything, but we recommend using something that reflects the source itself and distinguishes amongst your environments (eg. SourceName_Prod, SourceName_Staging, SourceName_Dev).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the next screen, give the Source a name configure any other settings.
     - The name is used as a label in the Segment app, and Segment creates a related schema name in your warehouse. The name can be anything, but we recommend using something that reflects the source itself and distinguishes amongst your environments (eg. SourceName_Prod, SourceName_Staging, SourceName_Dev).
```

4. Click **Add Source** to save your settings.
5. Copy the Write key from the Segment UI.

> 6. Log in to your [Quin account](https://portal.quinengine.com/) - navigate to Integrations > Segment > Settings and paste the write key to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Log in to your [Quin account](https://portal.quinengine.com/){:target="_blank”} and navigate to Integrations > Segment > Settings.
7. On the Settings page for Segment, paste the write key to connect.
```

## Stream

> Quin AI uses our stream Source component to send Segment event data. It uses a server-side `track` and `identify` method(s) to send data to Segment. These events are then available in any destination that accepts server-side events, and available in a schema in your data warehouse, so you can query using SQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quin AI uses a stream Source component to send Segment event data. It uses server-side Track and Identify methods to send data to Segment. These events are then available in any destination that accepts server-side events and available in a schema in your data warehouse that you can query using SQL.
```

| `MostVisitedCategoryCount` | Number of times the most visited categories were visited    |                                                             |
| `Prediction`               | Map of prediction probabilities for various outcomes        |
| `ReturningUser`            | Boolean indicating if the user is a returning user          |                                                             |
| `SessionId`                | Unique identifier for the session                           |                                                             |
| `UTMCampaign`              | UTM campaign parameter                                      |                                                             |
| `UTMMedium`                | UTM medium parameter                                        |                                                             |
| `UTMSource`                | UTM source parameter                                        |                                                                              |

## Adding Destinations

> Now that your Source is set up, you can connect it with Destinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that your Source is set up, you can connect to Destinations.
```
